Update Avea docs for config flow (#44737)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/avea.markdown

description: Instructions on how to integrate Elgato Avea with Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Light
ha_bluetooth: true
ha_release: 0.97
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_codeowners:
  - '@pattyland'
ha_domain: avea
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - light
ha_integration_type: device
---

The **Elgato Avea** {% term integration %} allows you to control Avea Bluetooth light bulbs with Home Assistant.

## Supported devices

- Elgato Avea bulbs

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> The Elgato Avea integration will automatically discover bulbs once the [Bluetooth](/integrations/bluetooth) integration is enabled and functional. If a bulb is not discovered automatically, you can add the integration manually and select it by Bluetooth address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Elgato Avea integration automatically discovers bulbs once the [Bluetooth](/integrations/bluetooth) integration is enabled and functional. If a bulb is not discovered automatically, you can add the integration manually and select it by Bluetooth address.
```

description: Instructions on how to integrate Elgato Avea with Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Light
ha_bluetooth: true
ha_release: 0.97
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_codeowners:
  - '@pattyland'
ha_domain: avea
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - light
ha_integration_type: device

> ha_quality_scale: legacy

Reviewer 2: legacy can be removed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

---

The **Elgato Avea** {% term integration %} allows you to control Avea Bluetooth light bulbs with Home Assistant.

## Supported devices

- Elgato Avea bulbs

> {% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

Author: https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/168070
